
## A. Collecting Job Leads


>[!TIP] Future Features Wishlist
>In the future the search and identification of Job Leads can be improved with
> - [[Improving Search Capabilities to Feed the System]]
> - [[Improving Search Capabilities to Feed the System#C. Automate Job Leads Search| Automate Job Leads Search]]

### [[A1. Store Job Leads]]

This stage consists on the manual search of Job Leads by the Candidate.
The most promising Leads will be stored in [Job Leads](https://nunonine.sharepoint.com/sites/JobHunting/Lists/Job%20Leads/AllItems.aspx) Sharepoint list.

## B. Pre‑application Screening Stage

In this stage it is assumed that there is a number of Job Descriptions and the user needs to prioritize between them through an "Application Priority Scoring" which consists of:
 - Roadblocks: requirements which stop the process from the start.
 - Posting Freshness: time passed since the Job Post was first published (fresher is better)
 - Market Saturation: level of Competition for the positions (less competition is better)
 - Fit: level of correspondence between the Job Post Requirements with the experiences and expertise of the candidate (higher correspondence is better)

### [[B1. Capture Posting Freshness and Market Saturation]]

This step consists of capturing the information about how long is the Job Position public and how many People have already applied to the position.

### [[B2. Identify Roadblocks]]

In this step we will identify clear signs from the hiring side which makes my profile not eligible for the position and make it meaningless to proceed with the corresponding Job Description to the next stages of the workflow.

### [[B3. Identify Misalignments]]

In this step we will identify clear signs from the Company - or the Position - which are conflicting with my own values, motives & interests.
I might decide to go ahead with the with the corresponding Job Description, but aware of the in doing so it would be an unauthentic match to my personal beliefs.

### [[B4. Translate Requirements to Areas of Expertise and Define JD Groups]]

At this moment, the Job Descriptions will be translated into a pre-define set of Skills and Areas of Expertise and categorized in distinct Groups. This classification will be used in later tasks to provide a more accurate assessment of the candidates fit for each Job Description.

### [[B5. Extract Requirements from Job Description]]

While [[B4. Translate Requirements to Areas of Expertise and Define JD Groups]] creates converge from the Job Description towards Candidate's experiences and expertise, [[B5. Extract Requirements from Job Description]] is expect to interpret and prioritize the Job Description in its own words.

### [[B6. Role Fit & Investment Worthiness Score]]

For a better assessment, the candidate must have pre-tailored CVs  for each distinct CV Group.
For each Job Description Requirements / Pre-tailored CV Group the system will provide a Detailed Rating and an Overall Rating.
The Overall Rating will correspond to the Fit indicator. Together with "Posting Freshness", "Market Saturation" will allow the candidate to prioritize which Applications to take.

The Detailed Rating will support Application Tailoring Step for the selected/prioritized Job Descriptions.

## C. Application Tailoring Stage

### [[C1. Overall Application Content and Format Guidance]]



### [[C6. Compile Complete CV Document]]


### [[9. Final Touches]]

- For Job Descriptions where the city is not Vienna, declare in my profile (or in Address line) **willing to relocate"









